So doing the testing gets
me kind of nervous because
then what if someone steals my idea?
>> I come across this all the time,
people go in, but
people say about sharing their idea,
sharing their knowledge.
People say it to me, Paul, you give away
all the little secrets of how you do what
you do on your website and
in your podcast and in your teaching,
aren't you worried that people
are gonna steal your ideas?
No, I'm not that important.
And even if they do, they're always
only just gonna be copying me.
They're always gonna be one step behind.
And I think you need to have confidence in
yourself that you know what you're doing,
you've got good ideas,
you're progressing things,
you're always gonna be one
step ahead of them, for
all they know that test campaign
you're running might fail horribly.
And they're gonna copy you and
build an idea that's gonna fail.
If they don't understand the processes
going on behind the screen, it seems,
they're not gonna succeed.
That's the easy bit,
the whole idea is
the ideas are to a penny.
I mean, you got, you showed me
a list earlier of dozens of ideas.
We've all got ideas, so
I wouldn't worry about that,
don't let that hold you back personally.
>> I appreciate that, thanks Paul.
>> You had a question?
>> How do you do multiple landing pages?
>> So with the multiple landing pages,
you can be as clever as you
wanna be over this, right?
So, if you're a developer you will
probably build one landing page and
then you'll have variables that swap out
different pieces of information for 10% of
the audience will see this, 20% will see
that and they'll do all kinda clever crap.
Yeah, right.
We're simple, [LAUGH] what we
would do is literally just build
separate pages with separate URLs.
And then when we do different
marketing activities, sometimes we'll
give out one URL and sometimes we'll
give out another, simple as that right?
There are also, it's worth saying
that there are, if you don't wanna
actually build this page from scratch
cuz you don't know HTML and CSS or
whatever, there are landing page builders.
Unbounce is one, isn't it,
and there are others as well.
But if you type in landing page builders,
there's loads of them.
And they'll even do things like you can,
say, the more techie side of it
like collecting email addresses or
the pre orders and stuff like that.
A lot of them have got that
functionality built in as well.
>> Hello, Paul,
I'm thinking about starting a design and
CRO agency,
does all this still apply as well?
>> Kind of yes, but better than that,
he says plainly advertising
one of his other courses.
I have a course on Frontend masters,
be funnier if I was promoting
a course elsewhere, but
unfortunately it is on Frontend Masters,
that is called Finding Clients, isn't it?
I think that's what it's called.
Having a great idea is brilliant.
Having an application you
wanna build is brilliant.
I love the fact that developers and
designers love to create stuff and
they love to play with different ideas and
explore different ideas.
And I hope that long may continue,
but that is different from thinking
you're gonna build something that is
an app that is gonna earn you money
over the long term, and I don't want
you to put a lot time and effort and
get demoralized building
something that ultimately fails.
So to give it the best chance of success,
do that work upfront.
And if that idea doesn't work,
the next one might,
just like Mark was talking about
with his experiences, he ran,
he tried several different ideas
before frontend masters work, and
that may well be what it's like with you.
And just wanna save you as much time and
money on that journey as possible.
So if you've got any questions about it,
and this is absolute genuine whether
you're in the room today,
whether you're watching live, or
especially if you're
watching the recording this.
I'm happy to answer any questions,
any time, help in any way I can,
just drop me an email
to paul@biogwill.com.
But to recap what we've covered,
we've looked at do your market
research before you start.
Do your user research so
you can find the right audience for you,
plan your MVP and prototype your MVP,
then test it with a test campaign.
If you do those things,
you'll be in a really good state and
be in a really good place for
moving forward.
Thanks very much.
>> [APPLAUSE]